okay hi this is Rob Moses and I'm with
them compassion nice tone we started
with love letters I'm gonna do a black
design I'm and I'm using sation tardy
tart I don't know if they're still in
production tardy turd yeah like that RT
tart tart suits me today it does
Oh Marty Terry you are only a few
minutes starting they'll talk we were
both tardy for both tardy tarts so okay
so here is I'm gonna go and just make a
real cool French manicure line and you
can go any way you want to go I don't
care but I'm gonna make a real tiny this
one is gonna hold the biggest black cat
so I'm going to make that a little tiny
French it's a reminiscent of Tim Burton
but not really because you guys all know
that I'm making Burton's fan so and Tim
Burton and Halloween go together
like macaroni and cheese they're just
meant to be they are and I'm meant to be
in there somewhere
yes pushed in there
all right so now I'm going in with
orange paint and you know what I've
learned what going tutorial did I see
orange funny it's orange it's orange but
I say orange whatever I hope I can fix
that so I'm gonna go and I'm gonna make
the the top of this French manicure like
this and then I'm going to drop the drop
little plenty stars in there now if you
don't know how to do a star okay you
start with a little a okay then give it
arms and then just kind of fill it in
now this star is absolutely the tiniest
start ever so then you just do that okay
let me do another one and I am just
gonna go in orange orange the line and
then put little stars on the bottom of
each nail like that watered down so
spray it with water let the water pool
then get the get your black as thin as
possible
because we got little tiny lines to draw
okay now I am going to start with this
one okay I'm going to scroll down you
know I'm just gonna give you an idea of
what's gonna go on it's gonna go like
this and these are gonna be teardrops
okay then we're gonna elongate by
putting the circle and event a little
yeah and then I'm gonna make a line that
goes down like that then I'm gonna make
the little tiny feet and the feet are
just kind of floating
which is weird cuz I don't usually do
that and lastly I am going to put a long
even good tail it goes down and then the
little whiskers okay value you okay then
on this one I'm gonna make another kitty
now I'm gonna make them to where they're
all different types of kitties that are
coming behind the French manicure
looking out and peeking
[Music]
this is pretty pretty simple pretty
straightforward so there's that and then
this one is gonna be the king Kenny this
one it's gonna be a tear drop like of
this deer deer deer deer
[Music]
that was ty
are you ready to sing I oh I was
thinking I need you to be on guard right
nope get kids on that then we're gonna
do the
come on Robin then you make the neck
attach oh that's gonna be so cute right
in the moon this one is gonna have the
tail sweeping over the moon I love it -
this makes me happy
god I love my job when I get to do fun
stuff so he's gonna love it I know I
can't wait for her to see it take a
picture of her face when she sees it
all right now with white I'm going to go
in hates it I go in make a little tiny
eyes like this what that you were
laughing hey if you want some home to
sleeping you can
oops mm-hmm okay let's do but the eyes
are just there to can be so tiny let me
get in there Oh Lord what have I got
myself into the tiniest eyes in the
world
yep now why can't they make google eyes
this tiny wouldn't it be fun oh yeah
facing those they're so there that's how
oh I didn't get that film let me do the
other way that's there we'll do the main
one mm-hmm right in the center I'm just
gonna go like this
and that gives your eyes do the kitty
kitty i'm fernanda wanna touch it all
right and we are finished with the
design that is so cute
black cats when you scroll down I'm
gonna scroll down as well as possible if
I did a good job tell me if I could have
done it better
you did a good job no no I mean you're
scrolling back they want to see it up
close in like oh my god I don't get
close enough in this the lights funky or
something so I'm trying to give them
like objects good
yeah options so anyways there we go and
so start a lloween everybody have a
wonderful night please spread the word
and spread these nails along and I'll
see you back with more everybody say
good night
[Applause]